THE NIGHT OF PLEASURE.
I was floating so high,
high on the clouds,
clouds that were drifting,
drifting higher with the urge,
the urge which was burning,
burning was my desire,
desire and the temptation,
temptation of loving you.
you were so appealing,
appealing  was your look,
your look and your smile,
your smile and your touch,
touch of the lovely bliss,
bliss of the love kiss,
kiss of passion,
passion which gripped,
gripped us together,
together when we flowed,
flowed and curled,
curled whole night,
night of divine pleasures,
pleasures to treasure,
treasure of dark,
dark and deep desire,
desire of love,
to love and to be loved.

